# KDG
A place for all my school projects related to my education MCT at Karel De Grote university in Antwerp. I started this GitHub to keep track of all the projects we do throughout the year, and what I am learning and creating throughout the years.

## My Story
Back in high school, in the 5th year of middelbaar (one to last year of secundary school in Belgium) I decided that, even though I passed the year, I did not want to continue studying after secundary school. This however, was pretty much a requirement in this field of study. Engineering sciences was very theoretical and it didn't motivate me enough since I had found my passion in IT a few years prior. So, I switched schools and started Industrial IT in Schoten. When the year was almost over, I started thinking the program was not what I expected and to be honest, and I was attracted by a certain course of adult education: servicedesk. I didn't have to go to school all-day and could focus on working a bit on the side to earn some money and live maybe the best year of my school career.

### *How did I end up at KDG then?*

After 2 years of working as the only 1st line servicedesk engineer at a company with about 500 employees, My manager started asking in what field of IT I'd like to specialize. I thought about it for a long while and dabbled in some networking and cyber security, but didn't really find *my thing*. I really liked hardware and software repairs, but knew that I wouldn't be able to grow a lot in this company with those ambitions. So, I started looking for places where I could learn other things I loved.
That brought me to Media and Creative Technologies (MCT), the study I am now doing my first year of. I fell in love with making content a long time ago but was bullied and decided to take it down at the age of.. 12? 13 maybe?
This course relit that fire inside me, to make content and learn about business, 3D design and much, much more. I went to the opening days and gazed at the 3d printer farm and lasercutters they have available in the FabLab. This is also a place where i hang around a lot to help others and work on my own projects! Everyone there is there with a reason and the lecturers and employees keeping this socializing masterpiece open are the best people to have there: supportive, creative and willing to think with you at all times.

## My ambitions
It's diffucult to say where I will end up and at what time. My thoughts race all the time and I get indulged in new tech and knowledge to the point where I forget time and space. 
I'd love to have my own community of creative thinkers and product developers one day. I am striving to do this by sharing my passion with everyone I know and occasionally making a YouTube video to share off what I'm doing exactly.
One day, I'd like to start a company that supports making your own things and engaging people in the tech of today, without it being too complicated or expensive.
Throughout this course, I've already learnt that I am incredibly fast in picking up programming languages and that I'm a good 3D modeler. I'll put all my course folders here so everyone can see what my stepping stones to reach the goals that I set for myself.